String
    It is basically an object that represents a sequence of character value.

String candName="John"

How to create a String Object
    1. Using String Literal

            String candName="John";
        String Constant Pool / String Pool
            The place in heap where the Strings are stored

            String str1= "Capgemini";

            String str2= "Capgemini";

            String str3 = "xyz";

                String Constant pool - Capgemini

                String Constant pool - xyz
    2. Using new Keyword
            String str1= new String("Capgemini");

            String str2= new String("Capgemini");
        The main difference between creating a string using string literals and the new keyword is that whenever the string is created with new keyword a new object of string is created in the heap memory outside of the string constant pool

    //unmodified string str
    String str= "Happy Learning"
    System.out.println(str) // Happy Learning

    //modified  string str
    str = str + "to all"
    System.out.println(str) // Happy Learning to all

     Happy Learning

    str -- Happy Learning to All

    write a program that takes your full name as input and displays the abbreviations of the first and middle names except the last name whihc is displayed as it is.
        Ex - John Brett Roser   O/P - J.B.Roser
    write a program to find the number of vowels, consonents, digits and white space character in string 

    OOPs concept    
        Flight Management System    
            Passengers
            Booking
            Departure
            Destination
            Luggage Policy

    OOPs Concepts
        Inheritance
        Polymorphism
        Abstraction
        Encapsulation

            It can be defined as wrapping the code or methods (properties) and the related fields or variables together as a single unit (class or interface etc.).

            It protects the sensitive data as well by restricting access to internal implementation details.

        How to implement Encapsulation

                Use the private access modifier to declare all the variables/fields of class

                Define public getter and setter methods to read and modify/set the values of the private fields.
        Inheritance
            It is a concept in which one class acquires the properties and behaviors of another class.

            It reprencts a parent-child relationship

            It is an IS-A relationship

            use the keyword extends to inherit the properties of a class

            code reuability

            Sub class/ derived class/ child class
                It is the class that inherits the properties and behaviours of another class.

            Super class/Base class / Parent class
                It is the class whose properties and behaviours are inherited by the subclass.

    Types of Inheritance
        Single
            This is the simplest form of inheritance, where one class inherits another class
                A  ------- B
        Multilevel
            This is an extension to single inhertiance, where another class again inherits the subclass, which inherits the superclass
                A --------- B --------- C
        Hierarchial 
            In this inheritance, a single superclass is inherited separately by two or more subclasses.
                A ---------- B 
                A ---------- C 
                A ---------- D
        Multiple
            In this inheritance, a single class inherits from two different superclasses.
            In java this type is invalid
                A ---------- B 
                C ---------- B

        Hybrid
            It is a combination of hierarchial and multiple inheritance.

        this-- is used to call a constructor of this/ current class.

        super -- is used to call the constructor of super class.

        use of this keyword
            it can be used to refer the current class instance variables

            it can be passed as an argument in the method call representing the current object of the class.
            return the current class instance from any of its instance variables
            access instance and static variables of the current instance
            passed as an argument in the constructor call.
        
        use of super keyword 
            it is used to refer to an instance variable of the immediate parent class.
            it is used to invoke a method of the immediate parent class
            it is used to invoke a constructor of immediate parent class

            this() and super() -- inside a same constructor ?
            this() -- first line
            super() -- first line

    Association
        in general, it refers to the relationship between any two entities.

        one-to-one

        one-to-many

        many-to-one

        many-to-many

        Professor

        Department

        There are two forms of Association
            Aggregation

                association between a Country class and a Sportsperson class.

                country has a list of Sportsperson that hails from that country

                Both the Country and Sportsperson classes are independent although there is an association between them.

                Aggregation is also known as weak association and loosely coupled

                is also called as unidirectional association


            Composition

                association between Organization and Employee
                
                The classes can not exist independent of each other.
                if the larger class which holds the objects of the smaller class is removed ,
                the smaller class connot exist.

                Composition is also known as strong association and tightly coupled

            what is it called if an object has its own lifecycle and there is no owner - Association

            what is it called where child object gets killed if parent object is killed - Composition

            What is it called where object has its own lifecycle and child object cannot belong to another parent object  - Aggregation

                Aggregation

                Encapsulation

                Composition

                Association
            using which keywords, you can access the methods, the variables and the constructors of the parent class in the child class - super

            which keyword is used by a class to inherit another -- extends